Add May team meeting minutes (#428)
2i2c-org/team-compass: meetings/eng/2022.md

# 2022 Meeting Notes

## 2022-05

- Facilitator: Sarah
- Notetaker: Erik, Jim

### Job hire update/decision making/discussion

- [Proposal document is here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PHpLJniwOIWXrhUcEiFhnOwPVQC9NSkoyHQeDss4udg/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Brief description of current candidates
  - Describe suggestion to make an offer
  - Question: Any objections to making the offer?

>   - Discuss potential second hire
>   - Question: Worth pursuing if we have budget?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think we should strike these too, since we don't know if it is going to happen and this might be classified as sensitive info

Make an offer:

- CH: meeting goal: to get a feeling one way or another to provide a job offer for a candidate.
- Important that we document the process we used.
- DA: We have consensus on hiring top candidate? +1s all around...

Additional option:

> - CH: option? Possibility to hire second candidate as well? Worthwhile? Complimentarity of two candidates?
> - DA: close to what CH described. second candidate is focused on community; technical knowledge. top candidate may be more focused on the product side; Both top candidate and second candidate can do both roles with top candidate seen as having strength across both dimensions of the Product/Community lead.
> - DA: strategically it would be great to hire both! Are we covering our bases well? Do we need another person like the P/C Lead? Or do we need more personnel for support. Funding? Resources? We spent a lot of time searching for good people. We found two!
> - CH: Agree with your point about support. Do these people fit into the support role? They could provide this capacity. DA: closer to community so they may filter out some of the requests and lower the support volume on engineering.
> - SG: top candidate's plan to deploy community support infrastructure will likely reduce the support volume by enabling community-sourced responses to support needs. If money is available, we should hire. Can we afford to spend this much time on hiring in the future?
> - GD: Be mindful of second candidate' time. We need to make offers in a timely manner. CH: Agree! We can be transparent about the status. "Don't have the money now but we want to hire you, etc."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

IMO this is all probably too sensitive to put into public notes...instead I think we should copy/paste these into a discussion doc in the hiring folder for this position.

> 
> Next steps (CH)
> 
> 1. offer position to top candidate. CH will send email soon!
> 1. do a budget analysis to determine if we can hire second person
> 1. if we have the funding and top candidate accepts, we should discuss with top candidate before hiring second candidate. First action should not be to "undercut authority" of the new hire!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Next steps (CH)

1. offer position to top candidate. CH will send email soon!
1. do a budget analysis to look into other hires
```
